14 to the chief musician
14 to the chief musician of David The Fool has said in his heart
of David The Fool has said in his heart
of David The Fool has said in his heart there is no God they are corrupt they
there is no God they are corrupt they
there is no God they are corrupt they have done abominable works there is none
have done abominable works there is none
have done abominable works there is none who does good the Lord looks down from
who does good the Lord looks down from
who does good the Lord looks down from heaven upon the children of men to see
heaven upon the children of men to see
heaven upon the children of men to see if there are any who understand who seek
if there are any who understand who seek
if there are any who understand who seek God they have all turned aside they have
God they have all turned aside they have
God they have all turned aside they have together become corrupt there is none
together become corrupt there is none
together become corrupt there is none who does good no not one if all the
who does good no not one if all the
who does good no not one if all the workers of iniquity no knowledge who eat
workers of iniquity no knowledge who eat
workers of iniquity no knowledge who eat up my people as they eat bread and do
up my people as they eat bread and do
up my people as they eat bread and do not call on the Lord there they are in
not call on the Lord there they are in
not call on the Lord there they are in great fear for God is with the
great fear for God is with the
great fear for God is with the generation of the righteous you shame
generation of the righteous you shame
generation of the righteous you shame the counsel of the poor but the Lord is
the counsel of the poor but the Lord is
the counsel of the poor but the Lord is his refuge oh that the salvation of
his refuge oh that the salvation of
his refuge oh that the salvation of Israel would come out of Zion when the
Israel would come out of Zion when the
Israel would come out of Zion when the Lord brings back the captivity of his
Lord brings back the captivity of his
Lord brings back the captivity of his people but Jacob rejoice and Israel be
people but Jacob rejoice and Israel be
people but Jacob rejoice and Israel be glad